Have what is a guys and welcome to the scores so you're probably here in the section number one and
number one.
So I would give you some of the tips that will help you keep going but this course because I have seen
so many guys they just buy this course and then they end up taking that course they don't watch it because
they might not understand this.
And so here I'm going to be giving you five tips that you can implement.
And then you yourself will keep going with this course so make sure to implement them and it will help
you guys a lot and not just skip this video this video is so important.
OK.
So the first step we have is the speed of the video.
So if you think that I'm talking a little bit more faster or if you think that I'm talking a little
bit more slow then what you can do you can just go ahead and you can manage the speed here.
So if you are a fluent English speaker and you think that I'm talking I'm talking very slow.
And then you can make it much faster and it will help you guys a lot.
Make sure to just set it because this course is for everyone guys because there are so many guys who
know English very well and so many guys who know English a little bit so this course is for everyone
obviously guys.
OK so if you think that I'm talking very slow then make sure to just go ahead and keep it 1.5 x and
it will solve your problem.
And you yourself will be key.
Will keep going.
OK.
So the second tip we have here is the quality of the video.
This is very important guys.
OK so this is a web development course that is called the world press corps.
OK.
And we just focus on the design development and everything.
And I want you to make sure that the video that you're watching is clear to you.
So what you can do you can just come here to this settings right here you can hover your mouse here
and here take the call.
So make sure that the highest quality is selected.
And then if it is selected then your quality will be so increased and you will love this chorus guy
seriously.
Quality matters a lot.
OK.
And the target of that we have here is the question and answer you to me basically have their own online
forum that you can track with me and your instructor and dealer am on it can and Croxford me felt watching
this course so let's suppose that you are ok.
I want to give you a task make sure to just go to Section 1 and number one if you are here in any of
the lecture you can just go to the section number one and let your number one.
OK.
And make sure that you are here and what you have to do you have to just click Browse question and answer.
And then what you have to do you have to here introduce yourself so you haven't just come here you have
to click here asking you a question and then you have to introduce yourself so you have two right here
in the subject.
That means that intro.
And then here you can right here.
Hey my name is Denzel.
And I am new to this course.
OK and then what you have to do you have to just post question and this question is going to be posted.
And then when I've logged myself into the dashboard I vill reply to it here and it will be so helpful
for you guys seriously guys it will be so helpful for you how it will help you is that whenever you
have any of the problem so let's suppose that we are building a professional based forward press website.
Okay.
And you have a problem like installing Wordpress and this app demeaning.
OK so you have a problem in this lecture you will just come here or you will just come here to browse
question and answer and then you will ask any question that Haythorn Zele I have a problem in this section
in this lecture.
Please help me figure out this problem.
And then I will help you guys in there so make sure to just go ahead.
Make sure to go to the section about wine and the like number one and make sure to ask me a question
here and the question for them guys.
OK so now for a tip that I want to give you is also a very important tip.
OK.
And that is to make sure to implement everything on a new top.
OK so you can see that here we have like installing word press.
You have to make sure that you create your own website.
OK.
And you can see that we are creating different Web sites here in different sections like let's build
a personal Web site like build another business website.
Lets build a professional blog which build a professional business where it precipitates a mission to
try every Web site and do every website on your site and see that how it will help you is in whatever
you are learning here you will do everything on the site.
So it will help you a lot because the best way to learn is by doing OK.
And you have to do it.
If you do not do it you vote you will not be able to learn guys to make sure to just implement everything
and it will help you a lot.
The fourth the fifth tip.
Sorry which is not basically a tip.
It is a gift for you guys and that is after you complete all these items that we have in our course
you will be given a certificate.
So this will be like just the color of this will be changed.
You have to just click disburden and a certificate will be emailed to you and also a certificate will
be here in the window and you can just go ahead you can download that and PTF and then you can get it
printed out.
So I'm so excited to just start discourse with you guys.
Let's just get started.
Cja.